Dead girl, don't know what's good
Now your father won't live for two months
Now the Li family is in turmoil again
You said that if we orphans and widows don't find a backer
How to live
Give you to Chen Shao
The Chen family can not only provide us with
Million-dollar bride price
You can still support us
Why not do it?
Animals you are all animals
I'm engaged to Lomi
I will not marry Chen Hao
My dad will be fine
You can't do this.
about
Breach of contract
The Chen family is a wealthy family in Zhonghai
Then Lu Ming can bring us benefits
It can still be used for us
Okay, don't talk nonsense with him
Take him to change clothes quickly
Let go of me let go of me
If I don't marry, I won't marry if I die.
You are not getting married today
I'll let this short-lived ghost die in peace
Birth is damned
I'm afraid of being punished by God
Come and smash it for me, stop